docs/src/lib/callbacks.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = MadNLP
```

# Callbacks

In MadNLP, a nonlinear program is implemented with a given `AbstractNLPModel`.
The model may have a form unsuitable for the interior-point algorithm.
For that reason, MadNLP wraps the `AbstractNLPModel` internally
using custom data structures, encoded as a `AbstractCallback`.
Depending on the setting, choose to wrap the `AbstractNLPModel`
as a [`DenseCallback`](@ref) or alternatively, as a [`SparseCallback`](@ref).

```@docs
AbstractCallback
DenseCallback
SparseCallback

```

The function [`create_callback`](@ref) allows to instantiate a `AbstractCallback`
from a given `NLPModel`:
```@docs
create_callback

```

Internally, a [`AbstractCallback`](@ref) reformulates the inequality
constraints as equality constraints by introducing additional slack variables.
The fixed variables are reformulated as parameters (using [`MakeParameter`](@ref))
or are relaxed (using [`RelaxBound`](@ref)). The equality constraints can
be keep as is with [`EnforceEquality`](@ref) (default option) or relaxed
as inequality constraints with [`RelaxEquality`](@ref). In that later case,
MadNLP solves a relaxation of the original problem.

```@docs
AbstractFixedVariableTreatment
MakeParameter
RelaxBound

AbstractEqualityTreatment
EnforceEquality
RelaxEquality
```

MadNLP has to keep in memory all the indexes associated to the equality
and inequality constraints. Similarly, MadNLP has to keep track
of the indexes of the bounded variables and the fixed variables. MadNLP
provides a utility [`get_index_constraints`](@ref) to import all the indexes required
by MadNLP. Each index vector is encoded as a `Vector{Int}`.
```@docs
get_index_constraints

```

Commit message:

Revisit fixed variables treatment (#360)
* Change the behavior of MakeParameter, depending on the callback:
    - `SparseCallback`: remove the fixed variables and reduce problem's dimension in MadNLP
    - `DenseCallback`: keep the fixed variables frozen (as done previously)
* Add a new `fixed_handler` if the problem has no fixed variable: `NoFixedVariable`.
* Ensure we always interact to the nonlinear program `nlp` through the
  callback wrapper `cb` to avoid side effect.
* Remove the function `get_index_constraint` and stores indexes directly
  in the callback wrapper `cb`.
* Fix the computation of the bound's multipliers for fixed variables.

---------

Co-authored-by: Sungho Shin <sshin@anl.gov>

docs/src/lib/callbacks.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = MadNLP
```

# Callbacks

In MadNLP, a nonlinear program is implemented with a given `AbstractNLPModel`.
The model may have a form unsuitable for the interior-point algorithm.
For that reason, MadNLP wraps the `AbstractNLPModel` internally
using custom data structures, encoded as a `AbstractCallback`.
Depending on the setting, choose to wrap the `AbstractNLPModel`
as a [`DenseCallback`](@ref) or alternatively, as a [`SparseCallback`](@ref).

```@docs
AbstractCallback
DenseCallback
SparseCallback

```

The function [`create_callback`](@ref) allows to instantiate a `AbstractCallback`
from a given `NLPModel`:
```@docs
create_callback

```

Internally, a [`AbstractCallback`](@ref) reformulates the inequality
constraints as equality constraints by introducing additional slack variables.
The fixed variables are reformulated as parameters (using [`MakeParameter`](@ref))
or are relaxed (using [`RelaxBound`](@ref)). The equality constraints can
be keep as is with [`EnforceEquality`](@ref) (default option) or relaxed
as inequality constraints with [`RelaxEquality`](@ref). In that later case,
MadNLP solves a relaxation of the original problem.

```@docs
AbstractFixedVariableTreatment
MakeParameter
RelaxBound

AbstractEqualityTreatment
EnforceEquality
RelaxEquality
```

MadNLP has to keep in memory all the indexes associated to the equality
and inequality constraints, as well as the indexes of the bounded variables and the fixed variables.
The indexes are stored explicitly as a `Vector{Int}` in the `AbstractCallback` structure used by MadNLP.
